Hi, guys.
Worker in this lecture we are going to continue for we always start well before then in the last lecture
we created a function called at Project Zuccotti.
And over here we are simply saying if the product has already been added, that's means there is no
need of adding that product.
Again, always just wants the issue of date, the quantity of that product.
Right?
But if that product has not been had that then we now want to had that product.
So over here, rather than need to say else.
If the product has not been added, they are going to call it this is caught on the scorecards.
Items.
Then dots puts.
So it says landlords.
Put.
If upsets.
You can see, as the name implies, that's maize.
The product has not yet been added and now we want to hide that product.
Okay.
The key is going to be the product idea writes.
And this is going to be the cots attributes, which is the COTS model.
Okay.
Now, we can't just get rid of all this and do it ourselves.
Get rid of all this.
Okay.
And BRCA2 in this line.
Now, first of all, you're going to need to have the hiding of the products.
Okay.
The idea is going to be what we can just do.
We can generate a unique ID by using the date.
Date time that now.
Sorry.
We need to cover this district by saying don't just drink.
Okay.
Great.
Now the nest we need is.
And then they try to base on the tie, too.
Okay.
So this is going to be tied to.
You can see where Eddie passed away, right?
There's going to be the, let's say, prize.
It's going to be prized as well.
And this is going to be quantity.
The it is going to be one.
Okay.
And this is going to be immeasurable.
And image Jarrell real.
Okay.
Great.
Adios cynical eye as it's nice culture and safe.
Now this is basically.
It's.
Now, if you are confused about this, I'm just a technical I'm just going to upload a lecture.
Before this two videos, I just made Mallory upload that lecture.
So you see all this first because I know you're going to be confused.
Okay.
So this is basically it's sort of where we are simply saying, if you can see what is in this call is
key to over here, we are simply checking if the product ID is already existing.
Then we just want to update the court's.
Court TV rights by what you can see by two.
Okay.
Well, it's definitely got to be what else if that product as being did you can see guys are this meta
called puts if opposites.
Okay so if it does not mean that then we want to that hard that could be up to them courts.
Okay.
Sorry, I don't think we have did courts.
We just have to hide the you cover.
And that you cover.
And is and is safe.
Okay.
So that is basically all we need.
That's the dates, the courts.
And, you know, that's a hard product to cut.
If we don't see this done, I think it's a bit fine.
You can as all.
The wall to message me, dear.
It's not for me to try my best to explain to you.
Okay?
Okay, guys.
See the investiture?